r/notes.md, before:

# Linux

All the R libraries are installed into lib/R, requiring the use of custom
rpaths to be set with patchelf. This is set in the meta.yaml.

R, and several of its dependencies, try to install things into lib64 on 64-bit
Linux, which doesn't work with conda. A way to avoid it is to create a symlink
from lib64/ to lib/ at the beginning of the build and remove it at the end.

# Windows

R uses mingw, not Visual Studio. Download and install the R tools
http://cran.r-project.org/bin/windows/Rtools/. You *must* use these, not some
other mingw install. R_HOME has to be set during the build to the location of
the R installation (C:\R or C:\R64 by default). It's also a good idea to let
the Rtools installer put the tools on the PATH. Be sure to use a normal
cmd shell. The git shell includes its own sh on the PATH, which won't be able
to find the R tools.

Setting TMPDIR is important, as the default isn't very useful on Windows
(/tmp). It's apparently relative, so I just used ., which uses the source
directory.

Commit message:

Add some notes on the R docs

r/notes.md, after:

# Linux

All the R libraries are installed into lib/R, requiring the use of custom
rpaths to be set with patchelf. This is set in the meta.yaml.

R, and several of its dependencies, try to install things into lib64 on 64-bit
Linux, which doesn't work with conda. A way to avoid it is to create a symlink
from lib64/ to lib/ at the beginning of the build and remove it at the end.

# Windows

R uses mingw, not Visual Studio. Download and install the R tools
http://cran.r-project.org/bin/windows/Rtools/. You *must* use these, not some
other mingw install. R_HOME has to be set during the build to the location of
the R installation (C:\R or C:\R64 by default). It's also a good idea to let
the Rtools installer put the tools on the PATH. Be sure to use a normal
cmd shell. The git shell includes its own sh on the PATH, which won't be able
to find the R tools.

Setting `TMPDIR` is important, as the default isn't very useful on Windows
(`/tmp`). It's apparently relative, so I just used `.`, which uses the source
directory.

To build the docs, you will need qpdf
http://sourceforge.net/projects/qpdf/ and MiKTeX http://www.miktex.org/. Let
MiKTeX install packages on the fly.
